Okay, So some common crimes that you need to be aware off. Certainly.
If you're on a mixed crew ship, you've gotta watch out for sexual harassment
on just given the training to be walking the deck and make
sure you listening to she really awesome or leading leading senator.
All this off is there are e mails are profitable going. Oh, I was attacked
in the water. Eso problem. One is Are they hopeful? Coming up
on is revealed when they decide to do sexual harassment. Okay, that,
you know, suddenly long Division four. You know, there were roses.
Whoa, That's a problem. So sexual harassment thing. You also need
to watch out when you come back from deployment the ship, the crew and
wave me. That's heads for 468 old doesn't you know? Okay. Hey, just
a leading member of the opposite sex that goes into play. You gotta
watch out. Um, you have resources available to you. Uh, when you
coming back from deployment, state troopers would be flown out to the
air out of her on his griefs to all the ships, sit down and remind
people are driving sexual. Ross would dream that just needs to be forced.
People know, um, and, uh, you don't have to worry about shit,
because there was something. J um I do know that one of the tricks
of the trade, you know, all your bills walk zero numbers on your pills,
your own possession. So suddenly. See no missing missing. It was
just wanted you to call now. So, look, um, that's pretty much it. I
would say the only other thing that you need to watch out for these
days. Smart clothes smartphones into any of our financial systems for
power. I just need power. Just want Apollo. I found Well, it is the
hell out of combat, you know, use any power. They get it out of the
skin. If you're not in power, you know that in any malware